---
language: en    

# Nationale Metadaten    
national_indicator_available:     
comparison_sdg:     
goal_meta_national_link_text: National metadata    

# Globale Metadaten    
indicator_name: Proportion of target population covered by essential health services    
target_name: Achieve universal health coverage, including financial risk protection, access to quality essential health-care services and access to safe, effective, quality and affordable essential medicines and vaccines for all    
un_designated_tier: <a href="https://unstats.un.org/sdgs/iaeg-sdgs/tier-classification/" title="Click here for more information on the UN tier classification."  target="_blank">Tier I</a>    
un_custodian_agency: World Health Organisation (WHO)    
goal_meta_link_text: United Nations Sustainable Development Goals Metadata    
goal_meta_2_link_text:     
goal_meta_3_link_text:     

#Datenquellen





    
computation_units:     
copyright: '&copy; Federal Statistical Office (Destatis), 2021'    
data_footnote:     

# Grafik Eigenschaften    
graph_title:     

national_geographical_coverage: Germany    
---


I. Reproductive, maternal, newborn and child health<br>
1. Family planning: Percentage of women of reproductive age (15−49 years) who are married or in-union who have their need for family planning satisfied with modern methods <br>
2. Pregnancy and delivery care: Percentage of women aged 15-49 years with a live birth in a given time period who received antenatal care four or more times<br>
3. <a  href="http://sdg-indikatoren.de/en/3-b-1/">Child immunization: Percentage of infants receiving three doses of diphtheria-tetanus-pertussis containing vaccine </a><br>
4. Child treatment: Percentage of children under 5 years of age with suspected pneumonia (cough and difficult breathing NOT due to a problem in the chest and a blocked nose) in the two weeks preceding the survey taken to an appropriate health facility or provider<br>
<br>
II. Infectious diseases<br>
5. Tuberculosis: Percentage of incident TB cases that are detected and successfully treated<br>
6. HIV/AIDS: Percentage of people living with HIV currently receiving antiretroviral therapy<br>
7. Malaria: Percentage of population in malaria-endemic areas who slept under an insecticide-treated net the previous night [only for countries with high malaria burden]<br>
8. <a  href="http://sdg-indikatoren.de/en/6-2-1/">Water and sanitation: Percentage of households using at least basic sanitation facilities </a><br>
<br>
III. Noncommunicable diseases<br>
9. Hypertension: Age-standardized prevalence of non-raised blood pressure (systolic blood pressure <140 mm Hg or diastolic blood pressure <90 mm Hg) among adults aged 18 years and older<br>
10. Diabetes: Age-standardized mean fasting plasma glucose (mmol/L) for adults aged 18 years and older<br>
11. <a  href="http://sdg-indikatoren.de/en/3-a-1/">Tobacco: Age-standardized prevalence of adults >=15 years not smoking tobacco in last 30 days</a><br>
<br>
IV. Service capacity and access<br>
12. Hospital access:  Hospital beds per capita, relative to a maximum threshold of 18 per 10,000 population<br>
13. Health workforce: Health professionals (physicians, psychiatrists, and surgeons) per capita, relative to maximum thresholds for each cadre<br>
14. <a  href="http://sdg-indikatoren.de/en/3-d-1/">Health security: International Health Regulations (IHR) core capacity index, which is the average percentage of attributes of 13 core capacities that have been attained</a>